Update upgrade-assistant-aspnetmvc.md (#34680)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-aspnetmvc.md

---
# Upgrade an ASP.NET MVC app to .NET 6 with the .NET Upgrade Assistant

> For the latest information on updating from ASP.NET Framework to ASP.NET Core, see [Upgrade from ASP.NET MVC and Web API to ASP.NET Core MVC](/aspnet/core/migration/mvc)

Author: ```suggestion
For the latest information on updating from ASP.NET Framework to ASP.NET Core, see [Upgrade from ASP.NET MVC and Web API to ASP.NET Core MVC](/aspnet/core/migration/mvc).
```

# Upgrade an ASP.NET MVC app to .NET 6 with the .NET Upgrade Assistant

> For the latest information on updating from ASP.NET Framework to ASP.NET Core, see [Upgrade from ASP.NET Framework to ASP.NET Core](/aspnet/core/migration/proper-to-2x/)

Author: ```suggestion
For the latest information on updating from ASP.NET Framework to ASP.NET Core, see [Upgrade from ASP.NET MVC and Web API to ASP.NET Core MVC](/aspnet/core/migration/mvc)
```
